When governments around the world are
admitting to the fact that the
statistics are not accurate, you know
you're finally making some sense of this
information. This applies to the GDP and
inflation numbers. But that's just
examples of what is most likely
happening in all categories. You came
here for the truth. Today we are going
to look at the fake data. Let's begin
with this article out of Bloomberg. US
stats officials say measurements of GDP
and inflation are off. And that should
not surprise anyone. Now remember, this
isn't you or I saying this. These are
the US stats officials. Prices are
overstated and economic growth is
understated. According to this paper,
research suggests that the Fed inflation
target could be too low. What we have
are numbers being provided by the
government that are either outright
falsified or they are made to look
better than they are. But it's not going
on just in the US. This is happening
globally. Here is another example of
that. Australia has had some technical
issues. I love the way they use that
term with its labor data which quote
look a little bit better than would
otherwise have been the case. And that's
according to the Secretary to the
Treasury. And they're commenting here on
record employment growth in the final
quarter of 2015.
So here they are fudging the numbers.
Just so happens to make things look
better, not worse than they
were. And of course, Australia isn't
alone. You have China doing the same
thing. In this rust belt province, they
fabricated fiscal numbers from
2011 to 2014. They fabricated the
numbers. And that's according to local
officials. That raises fresh doubts
about the accuracy of China's economic
data. And of course, they're falsifying
it. And everywhere else, they're
falsifying
it. This is what government provided
numbers are. They're not
real. And then you go to what I have
consistently quoted, the GDP now
statistics.
evolution of the Atlanta Fed GDP now
real GDP forecast for 2017. You can just
go to a search engine and type in GDP
now. You will find this. This is
directly from their
website. And what I often find, let's
say
the forecast is a 4% growth. Well, it's
4% growth, but within the remaining
weeks until that actual final number is
tallied, you see this staircase pattern
that tends to form. of course doesn't
happen consistently like this but it
just
seems that every single time the values
are overstated almost to
generate this sense
of you know everything is going to be
fine but yet you have this staircase
downward every time the only time that I
didn't see that was when Obamacare was
first
introduced and you had seen
the value actually increase dramatically
and that was simply because Obamacare is
a tax and therefore would create that
spending not on the good things that
people want to buy but unfortunately on
this healthcare plan. This here is a
congressional
testimony. Frank
Partnoi. He was talking about the Enron
scandal. And this is so powerful.
Specifically, Enron used derivatives and
specialurpose vehicles to
manipulate its financial instruments in
three ways. First, it hid spectacular
losses it suffered on technology stocks.
It hid huge debts incurred to finance
unprofitable new businesses including
retails service for customers. Third, it
inflated the value of other troubled
businesses. And then it goes on. Enron
is just one very very good example of
how corporations can lie to the public.
They're lying to the shareholders and
they're just lying to the public in
general.
And this right
here is a very very telling example of
exactly what the governments do as well.
Corporations are doing it, governments
are doing it. And if you do it, you go
to
jail. And then to switch gears very
quickly, billionaire investor George
Soros has upped what so far has been a
losing bet on the US stock market.
That's according to recent filings. I
hope you've seen this information
before. I always think it's interesting
to see what the big boys are buying and
selling. So, when Warren Buffett or
George Soros decides to buy something, I
like to pay attention. I don't
necessarily would take
it at face value that, you know, if
George Soros bets the market's going to
go down, therefore I'm going to bet the
market to go down. I just find it very
interesting to see what these guys are
into. US household debt hits a record in
the first quarter. Job gains, economic
growth growth boosted households income
and willingness to borrow. See, they're
not earning anymore. The value isn't
there. It's all about being able to
consume more through the consumption of
debt. US household debt at a record
high. I mean, you look at Canada, for
example, where people have been buying
in to their homes and creating these
massive mortgages that would have been
absurd just a few years
ago. But people feel that they need to
get into the housing market. Renting is
unacceptable. And truthfully, the rental
prices are astronomical right now.
However, people are just consuming more.
They're buying these big ticket items,
homes, cottages. You look at the uh
cars, luxury cars are everywhere these
these days, and it just seems to be
something that isn't slowing down. If
you found this video informative, please
give me a thumbs up. Last but not least,
if you found the video informative, I
know you will find my books, The Money
GPS and my new release, Global Economic
Collapse, even more informative. Here's
the descriptions for you. If you want to
take a look at these, you can go over to
Amazon, where they have a look inside
feature that's going to allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them. Take care.
I just wanted to say that I'm now at
44,000 subscribers. I want to say hello
to each one of you out there. Thank you
for all your thumbs
up, your comments, your subscriptions.
I want to have a special thank you to
everyone that supports me, whether
that's through purchasing my books,
audiobook, or whether that is with
monetary or bitcoin or any sort of
donation to me, PayPal, Patreon, who
give me money every single month. you
support independent journalism
and my work here. I think it is so
amazing. I'm so appreciative. Thank you
all.